but dear friends since dota
2 reborn beta worn and all sorts of searches
all sorts of loopholes and bugs of various players
so that to facilitate your own game here
look love gyrocopter given 91
which already has daedalus mkb manta
style silver edge satanic on the twentieth
minute he just
illusion of lecturing subjects that have
He had a well that is, as it were,
illusions are things that are the same and
will be the real basics
here he just laid out those illusions
items that he had in
amber and sold them sold and in the end
it's a hole what kind of bugs for gentlemen where
geronimo
but we are like the western chamber of all
started ready kind of like don't know which one
anything all dolly from ashana here's how
since this is not a canter copter in it
raises and what is he troubled but how already
do not panic and only kazash
300 to have length but this is see tank
in short
dota 2 reborn Alan ok means here he
525 gold they are there and the main
dude gone
see along the way during the game only
determined that multiply enrich for
account of illusions
keep started a month ago to started
alternate
manta hike yes, and that 's how style
Well, here it is on our oil
inactive he just sold the type he didn't
could this use hike $ 1 this
Type is not highlighted and quietly
was selling
where is the way from Mammoth Dazzle interesting
I work on the allies
ok ok
all drink and give the command except
honestly decided to collect a medal not
broker issue
yes in general such people well so far I
I drop another raw version wrong
it means all the same 2 did not notice that it
so not a kid on it was another yesterday
more
but clearly everything russia's serve you can
me
hell all up
4 times
aisha
so as he took this activated
lied
talk show dry is not entirely clear but then
sold everything enriched such a failure than
guys way
I hope it's soon and in general Fixed
If it does not fix it and it will not notice
stupid well, that is not probably soon
will release all the same ranked mode and then
there people will use these too
tanks calm down raise mr